[EuiListGroupItem] Adding a `toolTipProps` spread operator to allow tooltip customization (#7018)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/7018.md

> - Added `toolTipProps` to `EuiListGroupItem` to customize nested tooltips.

Reviewer: minor copy nit - not sure what's nested about the tooltips :)
```suggestion
- Added `toolTipProps` to `EuiListGroupItem` that allows customizing item tooltips.
```
